Milestone Delivery

> ⚡ Only the GitHub account that submitted the application is allowed to submit milestones. 
> 
> Don't remove any of the mandatory parts presented in bold letters or as headlines! Lines starting with `>`, such as this one, can be removed.
> Do not edit this file and rename it!!!  You MUST make a copy of it with the name you want and submit that.  Renaming this file deletes
> the template for everyone else.
> 

**The [invoice form](https://forms.gle/wLuAzXKa9qYrZQob9) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/eosnetworkfoundation/grant-framework/blob/master/docs/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**  

* **Application Document:** [Please, provide a link to the merged contract (the `.md` file in the [applications](https://github.com/eosnetworkfoundation/grant-framework/tree/master/applications) directory).](https://github.com/eosnetworkfoundation/grant-framework/pull/131)
* **Milestone Number:** 1
* **Milestone Payment Amount:** $10,000 USD
* **Contact Name:** Verónica Coromoto Díaz Dura.
* **Contact email:** veronica14diazdiaz@gmail.com

**Context** (optional)
> Our Mission with this Milestone is to Educate, inform and promote the world of cryptocurrencies about the most recent events on EOS and its technological improvements in any language that is presented to us, generate an active use of Reddit and Facebook encouraging the adoption of EOS, promoting the different content of interest to users on Reddit and Facebook.

**Deliverables**
> Please provide a list of all deliverables of the milestone extracted from the initial application and a link to the deliverable itself. Ideally all links inside the below table should include a commit hash, which will be used for testing. If you don't provide a commit hash, we will work off the default branch of your repository. Thus, if you plan on continuing work after delivery, we suggest you create a separate branch for either the delivery or your continuing work. 
> 
> If there is anything particular about any of the deliverables we or a future reader should know, use the respective `Notes` column.

| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 1. | ... |...| ...| 
| 2.  | ... |...| ...| 

**Additional Information**
> EOS VISION is also working on Facebook to encourage development and encourage people to read all about the new EOS.
