# Milestone Delivery

> ⚡ Only the GitHub account that submitted the application is allowed to submit milestones. 
> 
> Don't remove any of the mandatory parts presented in bold letters or as headlines! Lines starting with `>`, such as this one, can be removed.
> **Do not edit this file and rename it!!!**  You MUST make a copy of it with the name you want and submit that.  Renaming this file deletes
> the template for everyone else.
> 

**The [invoice form](https://forms.gle/wLuAzXKa9qYrZQob9) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](deliveries/milestone-delivery-template.md).**  

* **Application Document:** Please, provide a link to the merged contract (the `.md` file in the [applications](deliveries/milestone-delivery-template.md) directory).
* **Milestone Number:** e.g. 1
* **Milestone Payment Amount:** $10,00 USD
* **Contact Name:** Esteban Saa
* **Contact email:** steban@gmail.com

## Context
> Please provide a short paragraph or two connecting the deliverables in this milestone and describing their purpose.
The project outlined on the grant is fully delivered. It was ready within 2 days of EOSEVM mainnet launch. We also deployed to the 4 preceding testnets. 

## Deliverables
> Please provide a list of all deliverables of the milestone extracted from the initial application and a link to the deliverable itself. Ideally all links inside the below table should include a commit hash, which will be used for testing. If you don't provide a commit hash, we will work off the default branch of your repository. Thus, if you plan on continuing work after delivery, we suggest you create a separate branch for either the delivery or your continuing work. 
> 
> If there is anything particular about any of the deliverables we or a future reader should know, use the respective `Notes` column.
Please place your deliverables text here replacing this text.

| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 1. | Frogge.Finace |...| ...| 
| 2.  | docs.frogge.finance |...| ...| 

## Additional Information
Thankful for the oportunity and patience of everyone on the EOS community and looking forward on bringing new code and ideas to EOS EVM.
